Hello friends, I am Ram Singh Yadav and
welcome to Uphaar Updates of friends.
In this video I am going to review
Advantage Health Insurance Plan from ICC Lombard.
After taking it, you do
not need to look at any other insurance policy because the entire
overall package has been made in such a way that not
every feature which is there
in the insurance industry, you get to
see it inside it. In this video I will
tell you its features. Apart from this, I am going to
tell you all the terms and conditions
in detail which other content
creators do not tell, like all the
things that happen behind the scenes, I will also
tell you how everything is done
and that can start. First of all, let us
talk about the eligibility criteria. If we
talk about entry then the minimum age
you are looking at is 18 years of age on an individual basis.
You can take entry from 91 to 25 and the maximum entry age
here is 65 years of age if you are
65 plus one.  Even if you have given this policy, you will
not get it.
If we talk about dependent children, then after
25 years, it has the maximum entry
limit. If we talk about exit, then
you can continue this policy for as long as you live, but
after 25 years,
you will have to exit the policy on a floater basis.
If you are a dependent child, then you will have to exit from there on an
individual basis. If
you propose to be always 18+, then if we
talk about the policy term, then you can
see up to 1, 2 and 3 years here. Now, you
can take this policy on an individual basis and a floater basis. On a literal basis, two adults
and three children have the maximum
limit. But if you are one adult plus four
children, then you can take this
policy for one adult plus two children and one adult plus two children, on this basis, you can take this policy
for the family. All these relationships
and let me tell you one thing that this
policy is based on zone based price in
system, this means that  There is
difference in zones, there is different pricing here
you get to see three different zones
which are zone 1013, in zone one you get to
see all these cities NCR
Mumbai Thane all these are included if we talk about NCR,
if you belong to zone one
then you will not get any discount here
but if you belong to zone two then
you will
get a discount of 12.5% ​​upfront and zone 3
people get a flat discount of 15% but there are
some conditions here like you
can see here that zone one people can get
treatment in any part of India here and there is
no extra payment
but if zone two people go to zone 1 and get
treatment then they get that payment
of 12.5%, if zone 3 people get
treatment in zone 1 then they get a copay of 15%,
if you get treatment done in zone 2 then
you will have to pay an extra copay of 12.5%
in any claim, that is why you
take the policy  You should always choose insurance carefully.
Here is their base coverage.
In this, you get a basic sum in short from 5 lakh to
3 crores.
However, if you take the same policy from a bank, then
you can also get a cover of ₹2 lakh to 4 lakhs.
Talking about room rent, there
is no room rent limit here. The entire sum insured will be given to the injured. You can take any room
without any conditions. However, if your
insurance is for 2 Lux Relax or ₹4 lakh, then
you get a room rent limit of up to 1%
and for ICU you
get a camping of 2%. So, those with
three legs and four legs must understand one more thing. Suppose
your sum
insured is 400000 and accordingly the
eligible room rent becomes 4000. And
if you get admitted in a room worth 8000 then
your claim
comes to 50000.  Let me tell you, the company will give you only
₹25,000 because the company believes that it will pay
you all the money in this proportion.
Here, Sir, Hit Com and Conditions are
written. The company has
also given a formula here - Room Rent Limit
divided by room rent in your total medical
expenses. If you use this
formula, then the
claim of ₹50,000 which you should have got, you will
get a claim of only ₹25,000 because instead of the ₹4,000
room rent limit,
you were admitted in your room which cost ₹8,000. If we talk about in-patient
treatment and some injuries, then it is covered for
60 days before and 180 days after hospitalization.
This means that
you will get the entire expenses of the previous hospitalization till 2 months and
after discharge from the hospital, you will get the
entire expenses for 6 months. Talking about organ donor
expenses.  If we talk about it, then all these
are covered till the injury. Here I should
praise the fact that in this insurance, everything related to
your donor from the first to the last,
which you do not get to see in any other health insurance.
In other insurances, only the cost of your harvesting is
covered, but
in this insurance, whatever problem arises in your donor
from the screening test till the post 6 months, all those
things
are covered. He will get all the medicines in it. The
care procedure itself
is covered here, but it is not available on a cashless basis,
it will have to be done on investment only. If we
talk about AYUSH treatment, then
here the sum is covered till the first injury,
but you will get all these things only
on re-investment basis because there is no
care facility available here,
which has been clearly mentioned here.
So let us now talk about
some important features. So first of all,
I would like to talk about guaranteed
cumulative bonus, here you get 20%
claim.  If you do not do it and maximum up to
100%, the cumulative bonus that you get is
also guaranteed. This means
that once you get the cumulative bonus,
it will always remain with you guaranteed. Suppose you have
not made any claim in any year, then
you will get 20% no claim bonus,
but once you get it, it will always remain
with you. It will not reduce in terms of terms
relative to the DCB guaranteed bonus
accumulated. This means that if your policy
is of Rs 10 lakh and if you do not make five renewal
claims, then your Rs 10 lakh
policy will become of Rs 20 lakh. It will
not reduce even after making a future claim.
You will have a lifetime sum of Rs 20 lakh.
Here you also get the restoration benefit,
that too on partial
utilization. Now 200 days of the basic sum injured,
if the claim is made after these conditions. The
restoration benefit will be activated only when
both your basic sum injured and guaranteed cumulative bonus are met.  It can be exhausted here either
partially or
fully. This means that if you make a
claim once, then you have a basic sum
injured, a guaranteed cumulative bonus
and minus the first claim.
You get all these benefits in this policy.
Here, animal
vaccination is also covered up to ₹10,000, which is
not generally available in any other insurance. If we
talk about surface ambulance, then
one percent of the sum injured is available here,
maximum now it is 10,000. And if we talk about help checkup, then
here you get zero point
five percent of the sum shot,
that is also covered from the first
claim, maximum up to 10,000, that too on cashless basis, so
let's
see 20,000. Many people do
not even know what convergence exactly
is. So let me tell you that if you get
admitted in the hospital for 10 days or more, then
you will get a  You get a benefit
called convex
benefit. This is there in many insurances
but people are not aware of it and this
benefit goes unclaimed and
companies also do not tell you most of the times. Minor
diarrhoeal surgery is also covered in this policy.
50% of D sum in short and maximum up to
10 lakhs. There are some terms and conditions
for claiming this thing, so let
me tell you that also, the age of the deceased should be
minimum 18 years of age and
BMI should be greater than 40 and equal to 40. It is
only on these three medical grounds.
Apart from these, if there is any medical condition then the
variety surgery will not be applicable and
if you do it then you will not get a clean chit
and one condition is that you must have the
approval of two qualified surgeons. It is compulsory to have the
variety domain
uptu sum injured on the claim. This is reduced only when the deceased is
not in a condition the day after tomorrow to
go to the hospital or if he has corona.  For example, if there is a
pending case due to which a
bed is not available in the hospital, there are many exclusions for you to get admitted to the hospital.
As
you can see, even if
you want to, you will
not get a claim on the basis of all these conditions, which may be asthma,
chronic arthritis,
which causes a lot of
pain even the day before yesterday, still you will
not be able to claim normal salary hospital and there is a
condition that your treatment should be for more than
three days, only then
you will get a claim for domiciliary hospital.
Here are some optional benefits which are
inbuilt in your plan, you can
also include this thing in your policy by spending some extra money,
which is
domestic and ambulance worldwide coverage,
for this you have to pay an extra premium
and on the available sum insured 25 lakh
and about only and ambulance assistant is also available,
telecommunications
consultant, all these things
treatment will also cost you 5%.  You get to see a
maximum of Rs 25,000 on an option basis.
You have to pay an extra premium for this.
Now,
for all these benefits that you are seeing, you have to pay
extra money.
You can get them added to your policy as per your requirement.
First of all, maternity benefit up to
three deliveries is available here at 10% of the sum
injured and you get a maximum of Rs 10 lakh.
If you are young
or have just got married, then
definitely you can get this thing added on to your policy. There are
some conditions for maternity coverage which you need to know. So, the
condition is that you should be 18 to
45 years of age or if you are
below this age then you will not get this coverage.
To avail this benefit,
you will have to take a policy of 3 years, that too
together and here you get a waiting period of 9 months
if your
delivery happens before nine months.  Even then
you will not get this coverage. If you have
maternity coverage then you
cannot get a better policy than this because here you get to
see a waiting period of 9 months. The
only condition is that you have to take this policy for one
year at a time. And if
you have already taken the policy and have
not added your maternity benefit then you
can get this benefit added at the time of renewal and that thing will be done after 9 months. The
condition is that your policy should be for
3 years at a time and
ectopic pregnancy is not covered here.
You should keep this in mind that if you do
not claim this benefit for the next three years then
your maternity benefit
premium for the next three years will be dropped in your policy.
Now you
can continue things for the next three years.
You can also take care of the new born baby. So
whatever expenses there will be
or if there is any problem then everything will be covered.  There is a
word from the one thing,
if we talk about vaccination in the plan then there is
1% tax, maximum up to 10000,
if it is critical then you can take a separate rider,
many people take a separate policy for critical,
but
you can also get this thing added in this policy, whenever you
take any insurance policy, there is some waiting
period which you need to know, so
for free existing disease, there is a
waiting period of 2 years in this particular policy
and for specific conditions like
if any such condition has
come in diseases, for that also
you get a waiting period of two years, for
variety surgeries, about which we have
already talked, you get a waiting period of three years, if
you enroll before 3 years then you will
not get any claim and the initial waiting
period is till 30 days from today, if you enroll in the policy today then
you will not get any claim,
except if you meet with an accident,
which can happen anytime, now the car  If you
fell from the vehicle or overturned, it could be
any reason for an accident, then
you get it in the starting 30 days.
Apart from this, if you get any claim, if you get
dengue or malaria or
anything else, then you will not
get the claim in the starting 30 days. I
hope you have understood everything, still if you have
any doubt or want to
ask something, then you can comment in the comment
area below, you will get a reply within 24 hours.
If you want my personal
advice related to your health
insurance, definitely you can call
me on this number, you will get my personal
advice. Here is my personal
number and you can directly talk one to one
and take advice for yourself. If you liked the
video, then like it. If you are
new to the channel, then subscribe. Thank
you for watching this video.